Normalization of stream end when job is canceled (#125)
It4innovations/hyperqueue: docs/streaming.md

``hq submit --log=my-log --stderr=none ...``

# Guarantees

When a task is *finished* or *failed* with a non-streaming error then it is guaranteed that its stream is fully flushed into the log file.

When a task is *canceled* or *failed* with a streaming error, then the stream is not necessarily fully written into the log file in the moment when the state occurs

>  and some part may be written later, but the stream is eventually closed. In this case, HQ is also allow to drop any suffix of buffered part of the stream.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 and some part may be written later, but the stream will be eventually closed. In this case, HQ is also allowed to drop any suffix of the buffered part of the stream.
```
